feat: add LCS similarity package for error message deduplication (#898)
rudderlabs/rudder-go-kit: lcs/README.md

# LCS (Longest Common Subsequence) Similarity Package

> This package provides utilities for calculating string similarity using the Longest Common Subsequence (LCS) algorithm. It's designed for comparing error messages and identifying similar errors for deduplication purposes.

Reviewer: Does it matter what it is designed for?
```suggestion
This package provides utilities for calculating string similarity using the Longest Common Subsequence (LCS) algorithm.
```

Author: addressed

> **Key Feature**: By default, this package uses **word-based comparison** rather than character-based comparison, which is more meaningful for error message analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Addressed

## Features

> - **Word-based LCS similarity calculation** (default) - more meaningful for error messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Word-based LCS similarity calculation** (default) - more meaningful for structural comparison
```

Author: addressed

#### `CalculateSimilarityWithOptions(str1, str2 string, opts Options) float64`
Calculates similarity with custom configuration options.

#### `SimilarMessageExists(target string, messages []string) bool`
Checks if a similar message already exists in the given set using default options.

#### `SimilarMessageExistsWithOptions(target string, messages []string, opts Options) bool`
Checks if a similar message exists with custom configuration options.

### Configuration Options

```go
type Options struct {
    MaxLength     int     // Maximum character length to process (default: 150)
    CaseSensitive bool    // Whether to consider case (default: false)
    Threshold     float64 // Default similarity threshold (default: 0.75)
    WordBased     bool    // Whether to use word-based comparison (default: true)
}
```

## Algorithm Details

The similarity is calculated using the formula:
```
similarity = (2 * LCS_length) / (length1 + length2)
```

Where:
- `LCS_length` is the length of the longest common subsequence
- `length1` and `length2` are the lengths of the input (words or characters)

### Word-based vs Character-based Comparison

> **Word-based (default)**: Splits strings into words using `strings.Fields()` and compares word sequences. This is more meaningful for error messages as it focuses on structural similarity rather than character-level differences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Word-based (default)**: Splits strings into words using `strings.Fields()` and compares word sequences. This is more meaningful for performing structural similarity rather than character-level differences.
```

Author: addressed
